Update configure.md (#3346)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/how-tos/configure.md

For each component that makes up your machine:

1. Find an appropriate model for your hardware. For example, you can scroll through available sensor models on the [sensor page](/components/sensor/#available-models).

> 2. Add a suitable model to your machine on the **CONFIGURE** page:
>    - Click the + icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select Component.
>    - [Choosing any component type](/configure/#components) (example: `camera`) and model (example: `webcam`).
> 4. Click on the **Test** area of the configuration panel to test your component.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add a suitable model to your machine on the **CONFIGURE** page:

   - Click the + icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select Component.
   - [Choosing any component type](/configure/#components) (example: `camera`) and model (example: `webcam`).

4. Click on the **Test** area of the configuration panel to test your component.
```

For each component that makes up your machine:

1. Find an appropriate model for your hardware. For example, you can scroll through available sensor models on the [sensor page](/components/sensor/#available-models).
2. Add a suitable model to your machine on the **CONFIGURE** page:

   - Click the + icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select Component.

>    - [Choosing any component type](/configure/#components) (example: `camera`) and model (example: `webcam`).
> 
> 4. Click on the **Test** area of the configuration panel to test your component.
> 5. If any problems occur check the [logs](/cloud/machines/#logs) or review or roll back the [configuration history](/cloud/machines/#configure).

Author: ```suggestion
   - [Choose any component type](/configure/#components) (example: `camera`) and model (example: `webcam`).

3. Click on the **Test** area of the configuration panel to test your component.
4. If any problems occur check the [logs](/cloud/machines/#logs) or review or roll back the [configuration history](/cloud/machines/#configure).
```
